#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
about-time==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alive-progress
alive-progress==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
autograd==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
cma==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autograd
grapheme==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alive-progress
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autograd
    #   cma
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pymoo
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
openpyxl==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pymoo==0.6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pywin32==305
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
scipy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymoo
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
